PRIVACY POLICY FOR MOBILE APPLICATION "Gravity Ball"
Last updated: May 11, 2022

This privacy policy governs your use of the software application “Gravity Ball” (later referred as the/this “Application”) for Android™ mobile devices that was created by LinusO. 

What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
The Application does not require any user registration. The Application does not require you to provide any personal information.
Data such as High-score is stored locally on your mobile device.

Automatically Collected Information
The Application does not collect any information automatically.

Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
The Application does not share any information automatically with third parties.

What are my opt-out rights?
You can delete all data by uninstalling the Application 

Children
Our Application does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. 

Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. 
Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.

Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here https://github.com/LinusOBusiness/Privacy_Policy.git and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy. 
You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes. 

Your Consent
By using the Application you consent to local processing of your information.

Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at linuo.business@gmail.com
